docs: OEP-1: Add a section on announcing changes (#602)
openedx/open-edx-proposals: oeps/processes/oep-0001.rst

The Arbiter serves to keep the discussion on track and to bring the review
process to a final resolution.

> Finally, please follow the `After Merging`_ guidelines once your change has been

Reviewer: Why not just make a Step 4. Announcing Changes section as part of the workflow section?

Author: I guess my initial thought was to follow the example of the [DEPR OEP](https://docs.openedx.org/projects/openedx-proposals/en/latest/processes/oep-0021-proc-deprecation.html#removed) and put it at the bottom, as a "final" step, but I'm not wedded to that idea. I think I'll move it.

* Additional diagrams or clarifying material (as long as the `Architecture
  Group`_ agrees that the substance of the OEP isn't changed).

> For the latter two points, please follow `Step 4. Announcing Changes`_ to inform

Reviewer: I’m not clear on exactly what “the latter two points” refers to. Instead, could we say “If any changes are made…”, or something like that?

> For the latter two points, please follow `Step 4. Announcing Changes`_ to inform

Author: Yeah I meant, of the above four bullets, the latter two (so, points 3 & 4). So not if _any_ changes are made, but like, any substantive changes. How about,

```suggestion
When making changes larger than simple formatting or spelling corrections, please follow `Step 4. Announcing Changes`_ to inform
```

Change History
**************

2024-07-25
==========

> * Add a guidance on announcing changes (new as well as changed OEPs and ADRs)

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
* Add guidance on announcing changes (new as well as changed OEPs and ADRs)
```
